---
id: 13
title: I wanted to stay……….!!
date: 2017-10-21T20:24:00+00:00
author: Manasa Raman
layout: post
permalink: /?p=13
blogger_blog:
  - manasaramanlovelight.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Selenophile
blogger_permalink:
  - /2017/10/i-wanted-to-stay.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/2425462561008010446/posts/default/236915683666102478
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  <div>
    I was late for my first hour class as always, third time in a row this week. This is not I wanted, I tried my best to sleep early last night. But alas, I could not do anything, but just lie down watching the dark room for hours. There was nothing that terribly wrong in my life though. For someone who saw me, they would feel I was actually doing fine in life. I wasn’t that bad in studies too. Had few friends, who would be there when I wanted them. But something was holding me back. I did spend time with them; I would go out with them. Never did I share something with them. May be it about my personal life, or be it my family. They felt I m an introvert or those shy type girl and stopped asking me to open up or asking questions. I was glad they did not trouble me much. Not that I am an introvert from my childhood, infact I was never an introvert. I have been known as the most talkative girl in my gang. But this sudden shift in my life, me moving out my comfort zone, was never planned and this change was taking a toll on me. I would not blame Sanket for this. Maybe indirectly he did influence me to go far from him, but it was completely my choice to leave my city and come here in the name of studies.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    I was not really expecting that Sanket would do this for me. Actually a voice in me always told me that he would choose his career over me. But my heart would make that voice go mute. Maybe I knew, but I wanted to just push the fact as being with him and imagining my life with him was so much more beautiful than anything else. Don’t we all do it? Though knowing that wasting time watching that match on the previous night of the exam, would not really motivate us to switch off the Tv and study. That’s the same way it was for me. As Sanket went closer to his dream, as I got a clue about what he would do, I started changing my own thoughts; I should have been prepared for this from those initial days. I regret it now. But it’s too late now. I know I m not like the one I used to be before. All those posts in facebook, now makes a lot more sense to me. I be awake whole night thinking that he would text me, because it would be day to him, and seeing my favorite color or maybe watching a couple would remind him of me. And thinking that, he would at least ask me how I m doing. Apart from his reply to my happy journey, there has not been any text from at all. We did have a skype call, but that was again me who called him, he did not even talk for a minute, he had his own excuses, which made the conversation end faster then I even thought. And that’s when I decided to change my city, and landed here in this college. There are a bunch of relatives of mine, who think I had planned this from before. How would they even know, when my mom herself was shocked to see me get into St. Xaviers college. Infact I wasn’t that great in studies, and when with Sanket, I had not even thought about my course or my college. Once he started the packing, I started searching for colleges outside Pune. This would be my first time outside my city, but I somehow had to leave. Imagining myself in Pune without him, would be worst. I had visited every nook and corner with him. We had eaten on all possible chat shops, and had cool drinks in every street. So, I really worked hard for my entrance exam. And got into this college.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    I was bit satisfied that I stayed out of Pune, but this lack of sleep and his thoughts haunting me had literally made me sick. When I had an video call with my mom, she told that my dark circles had gone real dark. I did not say anything, but she assumed its because I am missing my home. I just nodded my head. Atleast knowing that I missed my home would be a better choice then knowing the truth that her daughter is depressed due to a guy who is living his life fullest in United States.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    Days passed on, and I became much weaker. The more I tried to come out of his memories, the more I drowned into it. I had also started questioning myself, if he had ever loved me or was it me who always dreamt of things, that never happened. I was going crazy. And then one day, while I was sitting in my favorite spot in the lawn near the ground, I heard someone shouting, and by the time I realized about who was it and why was he shouting, a big hard thing smashed into my face. I was hurt badly. I could feel some warm thing on my lips, it was blood. My nose was bleeding severely. The next thing I remember is a bunch of guys in shorts and our college Tees running towards me. One among them, looked at me and straight away carried me into his arms and ran towards medical room. I had my one hand holding&nbsp; duppata covering my nose &nbsp;and my other hand on his shoulders. He took me in fraction of seconds, I was wondering whether I was really so less in weight or had I lost so many kilos in last few weeks. By the time he lied me on my bed, I tried to open my mouth to thank him. Before I could even say a word, he looked at me and held my hands and said “Please forgive me, I did not expect that my kick would reach the plaace you were siiting”. I did not know, how to respond. I wasn’t should I say, “I forgave” or say “How dare you hurt me and say all this”, I was so lost. There was something that I could not actually get angry on him. Was it his voice, or his sweet tone, or that face? It was his eyes, I could see he was genuinely sorry for me. I laughed at myself, thinking here is a person who hurt me without his knowledge and is feeling sorry for me and then there is one guy across seven seas, who has literally damaged every inch of me and still hasn’t felt sorry for me. I looked at those eyes and said “Its okay,hmmmm….”. I guess he understood I was searching for his name. He smiled at me and said “Hey Adhil here”.&nbsp; I saw him with a surprise, Adhil, the football team captain Adhil, the guy whom every girl in the college wanted to date, the one who was every girls dream boy, This boy is right in front of me and asking sorry. I did not know what to react. I kept staring at him, without even realizing that he would be feeling awkward. He then, smiled at me and said “I thought you knew my name”. I spontaneously responded, “Come on, who does not know you name, Adhil is known to everyone”. He then gave me a surprised look, I understood what I had spoken, I rectified it “ I meant I knew Adhil, I did not know you were Adhil, I had heard a lot about you. He again saw me with a sly smile and said “ About me, What about me?” I cursed myself for those words I spoke now, how could I tell him that its only about him that all girls in college talk about or tell him that every other girl in my hostel dreamt only about him. My silence made him understand that I did not wanted to talk about it. By then the medical officer came with the kit and did the first aid. Adhil waited till the treatment was over, he then helped me to go till my class. I thanked him for taking me to the doctor and he said he was just trying to rectify his mistake. I then said I had to attend my class and waved a bye. He said “Nice meeting you, Keep in touch Apporva”. I stood there in shock, what he knew my name, how on earth did he know I was Apoorva, I don’t even talk to people here and this boy knew my name. I asked him “How do u know my name? He smiled and said “Come on, who does not know Apoorva, You are the one who writes stories for the notice board right ? I have read all 5, they are amazing”. Then I remembered that I was officially a column writer for the fresher’s team. &nbsp;I was not even aware that people even read them. I had chosen that option of writing cause others were singing, drama and dancing. I thought I could be invisible by being into it. But here I stood surprised seeing some guy recognizing me for my writing. I said thank you to him and was walking back, he suddenly ran to me and said “ Apoorva, are you feeling better?, I smiled and said, yes. He then asked “How about a coffee then, in the evening? I wanted to go for it, afterall I was actually looking for some change from this depressed state. But I told him I was busy with other things. How could I lie to that extent? I wasn’t even sure, why or what made me do that. But I had just said No to a guy who girls were waiting to just talk to. I thought I proved to be stupid girl as ever. To forget about this incident, I went to writing more, this gave me a sense of peace. After a week, I was not regretting about the incident as much as I did before.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    After a month, in library, I felt someone staring at me, I looked at the direction, to find Adhil, sitting far and smiling at me. I smiled back and continued reading, though my eyes was on the book, my mind was occupied with questions, why is he here? Why is he staring at me? And many more. As my thoughts were running wild, I heard the chair being moved and as expected he was there right infront of me. He sat there looking at me and asked “Apoorva, how about a coffee?” This time I could not control my laughter, I laughed for his cuteness and said yes we will go. We met for coffee, spoke about random things. We were very surprised to see how a writer had similar tastes with a football player. Though I liked him a lot, I was too cautious in the beginning due to my past experiences with Sanket. Adhil had got a clue that I was trying to be extra careful, he one fine day asked why was I behaving that way. I revealed my past to him, he held me close and said “Not all boys are same, he followed his dream and I am following mine, for me you are my dream and yes you are my first priority”. That was the best thing any guy ever told me. I had my eyes filled with tears, he wiped them and said “ I want only the tears of joy not of sadness”. I nodded him a yes.
  </div>
  
  <p>
  </p>
  
  <div>
    And from then, till now, it’s been 8 years we have been together. He is working as a football coach for our college and I am working as a Lecturer in the college. Even now he comes to the staff room and asks me out for a coffee and I still blush like I did on day one. We have a cute three year old daughter Adhya, who has added to our bundle of happiness now. When I look at my past I realize “All my life, I kept running for things, for people and from people, but when I met Adhil, for once I wanted to stay and I stayed”.
  </div>
</div>