---
id: 9
title: 'Hatred Love&#8230;&#8230;.!!'
date: 2018-02-02T09:08:00+00:00
author: Manasa Raman
layout: post
permalink: /?p=9
blogger_blog:
  - manasaramanlovelight.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Selenophile
blogger_permalink:
  - /2018/02/hatred-love.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/2425462561008010446/posts/default/2334172807947955817
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  <div>
    <span style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,&quot;serif&quot;; font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 115%;">My ears go all numb as I gradually stop hearing the noises outside. I look at myself in the mirror and somehow can’t believe this is me. I look so different in this attire. I want to pinch myself to see if it’s a dream. I don’t want to close my eyes for too long cause I am scared to wake up in my bed and realize all that I was seeing was just a dream. I had waited for this event all my life and now I somehow find hard to accept it myself. I wanted to look how Ashwin is dressed. He had bought something to match my attire, I’m pretty sure he would be looking smart as always. He has it in him. Looking good does not need any effort from his side; it just happens to be him. That was what I used to say Carol, God had taken quite some time to come up with a handsome guy like him. But I hated him like no one ever did a long ago. Not very long though, few years back. He knew he had the charm to make any girl drool over him for his looks and his talks. When students like me would struggle in public buses and still managed to reach on time, he would be coming in his own car, but still arrive late. Teachers were fed up trying to talk to him. They had stopped to bother now as he wasn’t the listening one and taking any serious action against him was not allowed because he was the son of one of the board members of the university. Not only a business tycoon, but his dad was also influential in political sector. He had the background that we had only seen in movies. I would never have spoken to him if Carol would not have met with that accident on that day.<o:p></o:p></span>
  </div>
  
  <div>
    <span style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,&quot;serif&quot;; font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 115%;">Two years back Carol somehow managed to throw tantrums and did everything to get her scooty. And finally she got it. As she was so over enthusiastic about riding it, I could not help but travel with her. On that day, I remember asking her to reduce her speed, but she wanted to reach on time for the concert that was happening. She managed to get all the short cuts and tried to cut down her time of traffic. But there was one main road that she had to cross. As the time had it, the signal showed red, as I expected her to stop, but she just rushed into the junction. It took me quite sometime to realize that a car had rammed into our vehicle and we both had fallen down with injuries. I got up to see a lot of people gathered around us, my vision was still blur, I had no strength to get up on my own, but I tried with all my strength to get up and suddenly I could see someone lifting me up. I could feel huge hands carrying me and my face rubbing his well built chest. It took a little while for me get a clear picture of him. To my surprise it was Ashwin, he did not even look at me, but just walked towards his car. He must have felt like carrying on of his equipment from his gym having me in his arms. I tried to talk, but my throat had gone completely dry. I watched as he took me to his car, made me sit and closed the door. He did not even look at me. I was furious by now, how could someone be so weird? Could he not even smile at me or a say something atleast. He carried me like he had carried some object and placed me in the car. He sat in the driving seat and started to take a reverse. As we went I saw Carol’s vehicle lying all broken there. And there were few men who were arguing and among them was Rakesh and Sharath. They were Ashwin’s best buddies. I then remembered about Carol, I tried to talk, but my voice wasn’t just coming. I guess Ashwin saw my difficult through the mirror and searched for a water bottle. He got one and handed it to me. I drank it and said thanks. He had no reaction on his face. I then asked him, “Where is Carol?”. He did not say anything, but pointed at something on the road. I saw what he was pointing and was shocked to see an Ambulance. I literally started shouting then, “What? Why is she there? What happened to her? Where are they taking her? Is she alone?” He just stared at me with a blank expression, I felt like slapping him one right there. But all I could do you stare at him back. He drove like I wasn’t even there in his car. I asked him again, he realized that I won’t be letting him go without answering. He opened his mouth and with his husky voice he said, “Don’t worry, she is fine. Just a couple of scratches here and there, only thing she has got hurt in her head for which they did the first aid. Swati is with her in ambulance. Both of your parents are informed, they will be reaching hospital as we go”. I took some time to take the last line, parents were informed, but who asked him to call my parents. What would they do if they found me in this condition? My mom had warned me a million times not to travel with Carol, but I never obeyed to her and my dad, he would definitely kill me today. I had informed them, I will be going to college which is towards the south of the city and I met with an accident in north part of the city. What will they do, when they get to know I lied to them and was going to some concert. Hundred things ran in my head and I heard him talking again, were you going for Arman’s concert? Wait, how did he know that? I saw at his face while he stared at mine from the mirror. He smiled looking at my confused face. He said, “Even we were heading there.” We meaning who I thought. He spoke again as if he could hear my thoughts, we meaning Me, Rakesh, Sharath and Swati.&nbsp; I now got the whole picture. They were traveling in the same direction and saw me and Carol in that state and decided to help us. I wondered from when did Ashwin started having such humanity. He was the one who would not even bother if someone was in dying condition right next to him. Maybe Rakesh or Sarath would have asked him to do this. I was lost in my own world and we reached the hospital. I tried to open the door and slowly got down. And in no time I was in those huge arms again. I looked at him and said, “Hey I can walk, please let me down”. He looked at me and said, “Can you stop being over smart”. I was shocked, I tried to talk again, and he just said, Shut up please”. He was being so bossy, this is the very reason I hate him. He stayed till my whole treatment was done and my parents arrived. He spoke to them asking them not to worry. My dad came to me and as he was talking, he asked me what was I doing there at that point of time. Before I could answer something, Ashwin interrupted and said, “Uncle we had to go for a field visit to a company, this was given on a last minute by our lecturer”. What? Did he just say that and save me? Why did he even do that? <o:p></o:p></span>
  </div>
  
  <div>
    <span style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,&quot;serif&quot;; font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 115%;">That was the day, I met him for the first time, though we studied in same class for past two years. From then we started having initial conversations. We were then best friends in the campus. As I started talking to him, I understood him better. Things went really smooth till the end of our course. As we were planning our next step, I went to Ashwin to tell him that I will be leaving for California in a week. He did not seem to be as happy as I thought he would be. He argued for a while asking what is there in US that is not there in our country. I tried explaining him, why this was so important to me, but he was just arguing for the sake of it. I just told him that I was in no mood to fight or argue with him. He left without saying a word. That day hurt me like hell. I had got exactly opposite of what I was expecting. For next few days, we did not talk to each other, nor did we try meeting. And on the day of my departure, I called him up to say that I was leaving, he spoke rude again. After hanging up the call, I had a strange pain in my heart and tears trickling down my cheeks. I told myself, maybe this is what he is and this is what he always was. I calmed myself down and got ready to go to airport. My parents and Carol accompanied me to the airport, I somehow wished to see Ashwin in the airport. But it did not happen, with so many happy people around me, I still missed his smile and him. I felt really bad that I am leaving India with this pain in my heart. I sat in the plane and tried his number. He cut the call, I tried it again, this time he did not receive. I went to the gallery and started looking at all the pictures we had take from these few months. As I was staring deeply into them, I heard a familiar voice saying, “Looks like someone is really missing me way too much”. I was startled for a moment and looked up to see Ashwin standing tall and giving a flirtiest smile at me. I got up in not time and hugged him tight, he held me and whispered, “How do u think I will let you go so easily Sharanya? I looked at him a bit confused; he took his ticket and said, “So Ma’am if you let me, I would take my seat which is next to yours”. I was speechless; he had booked himself a ticket in such short notice and was coming with me till California. He stayed till all things were settled for me in my university, helped me find me place to stay, introduced one of his friends who was studying in the same campus and only left the place when I told him I was comfortable. <o:p></o:p></span>
  </div>
  
  <div>
    <span style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,&quot;serif&quot;; font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 115%;">We never said Love you to each other, but more than those words, our actions spoke the loudest. He would visit me every now and then, and I would spend all my time with him when I would be back home. People say, as distance increases, people go far from each other. But in our case distance made us more closer to each other. Our families got to know gradually and they were more than happy for us. Though my dad was bit reluctant initially, Ashwin convinced him with his charm as he usually does. <o:p></o:p></span>
  </div>
  
  <p>
  </p>
  
  <div>
    <span style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,&quot;serif&quot;; font-size: 12.0pt; line-height: 115%;">I suddenly felt someone’s hand on my shoulder, it was my mom, “Sharanya, how many times should I call you? Where are lost? Pundit is waiting for you. With that I came back my present, me and Ashwin are getting married today.I walked down to the mandap looking at a board that read Sharanya weds Ashwin, As I walked closer, I could see my dad and my cousins watching me with a lot of happiness filled in their eyes. And then, I saw Ashwin, He looked stunning then he ever did before and I could see him staring at me. His eyes complimented me and all I could do is blush like an eighteen year old. The guy whom I hated for the fact that he carried me without my permission few years back, now was ready to own me completely. I smiled thinking, how fate had the power to change any form hatred to purest form of love.</span>
  </div>
</div>