---
id: 12
title: An everlasting love…..!!
date: 2018-01-02T17:35:00+00:00
author: Manasa Raman
layout: post
permalink: /?p=12
blogger_blog:
  - manasaramanlovelight.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Selenophile
blogger_permalink:
  - /2018/01/an-everlasting-love.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/2425462561008010446/posts/default/2249566971786140129
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  <div>
    <span style="font-family: &quot;calibri&quot; , sans-serif; font-size: 11pt;">Anirudh was excited about his first day of work. He had also dreamt of working for this dream company. He had prayed to as many gods he had heard of for him to get into this job. Though he had attended several interviews, he had given his best to the interview by this company and had not literally slept till he received a call saying he was selected. He parked his bike in the parking slot given to him and looked at the tall building with a lot of happiness and a bit of pride within him. He thought to himself, this is going to be his second home for coming years. He went inside and found a big colorful board that welcomed all the new comers. And that also said, where the orientation would be held. He entered the hall with super excitement. He saw few others already seated. He was deciding where to sit and finally decided to sit in the third row, nor too front as he never sat front in his life and not in the back as sitting in back was fun only with friends. So he sat in middle row which was quite empty. He was early then the assigned time. Though not really being very studious he was always a person with lot of discipline. He would always make sure he is before the time for any appointments. Slowly, the hall started filling up. And the managers and the HR arrived on time and welcomed all who had arrived. They started explaining how the company was started in initial days and also about its vision and mission. As they were going on explaining and everyone were deeply involved, there was a sudden bang from the door. Everyone turned towards the door with a bit of shock. And there entered a girl one hand with bag the other one with her helmet. It was the helmet that had made such a huge noise. She was trying to catch her breath. It was clear she had rushed from the parking slot. The one who was speaking looked at her with a question on his face. She looked at him and tilted her head slightly and gave the cutest smile that he had ever seen in his life. And softly uttered Sorry sir looking at him. Anyone would let her go after watching that cute expression of hers. And the manager just gestured her to take a sit. She glanced the whole room and searched for which place to occupy. As she started crossing rows, Anirudh secretly wished that she came to the seat next to him. He was already fallen for her. He felt a bit low as she crossed his row, so he started looking at the book in his hand thinking he wasn’t that lucky. All of a sudden a sweet voice spoke “Hey is someone already here”. He looked up with a surprise and it was her. His face glowed with a smile. Though he was sitting there, in his head he was already dancing to the tunes of his favorite song with her. She was waiting for his answer. She waved her hand and tried to get her attention back. He came back to his senses and said, “Yes, Ohh… Sorry No…No one is sitting here, you can take your seat…You can definitely sit here. She could make out that he was going through a mix of emotions, so she just gave a smile and sat next to him. He did not hear a word after that moment. He was thanking all possible god names he knew, He was dreaming of he and her in every impossible situation that even he knew would not happen. But he secretly wished it should. Before he even realized it was a Tea Break. Everyone started moving out. She looked at him straight into his eyes, he was lost. She tilted her head again and said, “Hi myself, Anu…. Anuradha Ramkumar..What is your name?. He liked her name. He replied, “Nice name, I am Anirudh Bhat”. She smiled and said “So Ani, Coffee or tea”? He was a little surprised to hear her call him that way, only his closest friend and his family used that word. He smiled and kept quite, She smiled back and stood and signalling him to come out. As they went she started talking about how she was stuck in traffic and how she got delayed. As we went near the counter she looked back at him and said, “I love coffee, will you also take the same?”. He did not felt like disappointing her by saying,</span><span style="font-family: &quot;calibri&quot; , sans-serif; font-size: 11pt;">&nbsp; He</span><span style="font-family: &quot;calibri&quot; , sans-serif; font-size: 11pt;">&nbsp;never had coffee ever in his life cause he hates it and he only love Tea. So he decided to try coffee for the very first time, just for her. He nodded and she asked for two coffees, and by the time she took those two cups, she had enquired where about of the guy who was the coffee. Anirudh thought to himself, how he had never met anyone so talkative in his life. It had taken him months initially in his college to make few friends. He only had two friends for his whole school life. They were just like him, only spoke what was needed. And here he was looking at a girl who spoke to any strangers in fraction of seconds. He could never imagine his life that way. She gave him the coffee cup and started talking about her college how she cleared the interview; she was not even asking whether he was even interested to know about it. But in fact he was interested to know everything about her. He stood there in a big crowd, but still felt it was only she and him in that entire space. He never believed that love at first sight existed. But she made him believe unbelievable things. He laughed at himself; she had changed his views in few hours of meeting. He had coffee and felt it wasn’t that bad after all, he heard her for the whole time and felt listening wasn’t that difficult and he wanted to hear her for his whole life and felt deciding something’s in life doesn’t actually require major analysis. The day went faster than he had ever imagined. Next day they were assigned to different teams. And as he expected, she was in his team. Now apart from the job that he loved, he had love of his life working next to him. It took exactly a week for her to know everyone’s names. Not in our team but in the entire floor. And he still had difficulty remembering the names of his own team members. When he would call out a wrong name, Anu would look at him as he had done some crime. He would softly apologize and say he would remember from now on. With that she would give her signature smile with a tilted head. Everytime Ani watched her doing that he would fall for her all over again. As, months passed by, they had become best friends. She had taken him to her home where her uncle and aunt stayed. She was the same even in her home and she was pampered by them as she had lost her parents in a very young age. He was very sad when she for the first time told about how she lost her parents in an accident. That was the only time, she talked lesser than usual. He saw the emotional side of her on that day. He wasn’t sure how to make her feel better, he went close by her and she automatically hugged him and shed few tears. Later she apologized for getting to emotional and he assured her that she could be anyway she wanted. That bought back her smile and she looked at him and asked, “Why so?”. He wanted to tell her cause she was her life and she was everything he ever wanted. But he smiled back and said,”Will tell you when time comes”. He told her mom about Anu and his mom was little shocked to know that fact that her son, who hardly spoke to any girl was in love. But then, when he bought her home, his mom winked at him and whispered in his ears, “No wonder you love her, anyone would like her”. Ani lived in a big joint family with thirty of them including his uncles, aunts and his cousins. It was very new experience to Anu, as her aunt and uncle did not actually have much interactions with any of relatives as they had married each other against their families. So she hardly had any chances to meet her family. Now looking her Ani’s family she was overwhelmed. Everyone liked her instantly. Ani always thought she had a hidden charm that would make anyone like her instantly. As months rolled by, they had established a great bond and Ani felt it would be a right time to propose her. He was someone who hardly spoke to people and now he was planning to propose a girl. He thought this was harder than the interview for his dream company. But he finally decided to propose her in a very special way. He called her for lunch on Diwali when the whole family was present. And he planned to propose her in front of everyone. After the huge festive lunch Anu was busy with the kids playing their games with them, he went to the centre of the hall where everyone could see him and said, “Today on this auspicious occasion I would want you all to know that I am planning to get a brightest light into this house”. Everyone were bit confused, few asked him what he was talking about and few spoke among themselves. Anu saw him with a puzzle as he started approaching her. She wasn’t really sure what he was trying to do. He went in front of her, bent on his knees and asked,” Will you be that brightest light of my life and make my life and my family glow with much more happiness?”. It took her few seconds to realize what he meant. And she had tears in her eyes, she had never expected him to propose her and more than that she never considered herself so lucky to be a part of this big family with abundance of love. For the very first time, she was silent and her silence had a answer. This silence was broken when she just hugged him tight and everyone around them clapped and cheered them up. They got married within a year and she was filled with lots and lots of love by his whole family. And he heard her whole day not only at work but also at his home now. And he never felt enough of her talks. He taught to himself, maybe this is what love was. Its four years since they married and they are blessed with a baby boy Avish. And Ani has started liking coffee, but Anu has learnt to prepare best tea just for him. He still keeps forgetting names and she still looks at him with that how can you do this look. Nothing has changed between them only expect the love which has been increasing every second they stay together.</span>
  </div>
</div>