---
id: 8
title: 'Nature that nurtured Love&#8230;.'
date: 2018-05-20T18:06:00+00:00
author: Manasa Raman
layout: post
permalink: /?p=8
blogger_blog:
  - manasaramanlovelight.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Selenophile
blogger_permalink:
  - /2018/05/nature-that-nurtured-love.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/2425462561008010446/posts/default/2598037411788999223
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  <div>
    I got up to the sound of the alarm. I instantly checked my mobile to see the time. I wanted to check which alarm finally woke me up. I set five different alarms, so I would at least wake up by the fifth one. But today I was surprised to see me wake up for the very first one. It was 4am. How I wish, I could wake up the same way when I have my work. Being a Sunday, major part of the world would be fast asleep and here I am so excited to start my day. Maybe, this is what happens if we follow our passions on weekends. Sundays become much more meaningful and excited than the rest of the days of the week. I rushed out of my bed to make sure I leave on time. It was 5 and I was ready with the most favorite thing from my home, my bag pack. I made sure I went down to the garage with absolutely no sound as waking my parents would mean explaining them all about my plans, which definitely would take 30 to 40mins that I really did not wanted at this point of time. I took the car and drove to the roads. I was the one of very few cars that was driving towards the outskirts of the city. I could see a lot more vehicles on the opposite side. I looked at them and smiled at myself. I would have been one of them, if I hadn’t met Aaron.
  </div>
  
  <p>
    <span style="font-family: &quot;Calibri&quot;,&quot;sans-serif&quot;; font-size: 11.0pt; line-height: 115%; mso-ansi-language: EN-US; mso-ascii-theme-font: minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; mso-bidi-language: AR-SA; mso-bidi-theme-font: minor-bidi; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-fareast-language: EN-US; mso-fareast-theme-font: minor-latin; mso-hansi-theme-font: minor-latin;">With the very thought about his name, my memory goes back to 2013. Five years back, I was in my first year engineering. College seemed to be very unfamiliar place during the initial days. There are mixed emotions that go with it. I was very happy that I had got admitted to the course I always wanted and the icing on the cake was that this institution was the best in the city. In other words, I was living a dream of few hundred out there. That was one motivation to wake up and come to college every day. &nbsp;I had managed to get few handful friends, who kind of liked me. Those days, it was very hard to decide what kind of friends I would be comfortable with. In the very first place I was trying to understand my own self and in this I had to choose people who would understand me. Quite a difficult task. But somehow, things weren’t that bad too. I was happy, or maybe appeared to be happy with all the things that were happening around me. And then, Aaron entered my life. I had seen him a couple of times before meeting him personally. He used to be this one of those guys you see in movies, who would always be with a gang of really hyper active girls and boys who would work, sorry maybe who would over work for the campus. No, not for the academics, but for the environment. This gang was known for planting saplings all over the campus, and also taking care of it and making sure that no one would pluck or harm the plants. They would make sure, the garden remains clean always and also see that gardeners water plants properly and the list goes on. I on the other hand, was someone who had not even seen what were the plants in my garden. Though I have been living all my life in the same house and my mom has been pretty enthusiastic about plants and flowers, I personally was alien to the whole concept of green, plants, etc . On that day, it was world environment day. And as we had expected the so called group of Aaron was ready with some activity. We all stood there to watch all the drama. They all handed us tiny saplings and asked us to follow them. I was little hesitant to hold it as I was thinking about where it has been bought from. It was covered with mud. So, I was calculating the amount of germs it had. I tried to hold the branch of it and suddenly heard a voice from my back, “Hey, it’s too weak and may break, hold it from down, Okay?”. I had heard him for the very first time from so close. He had a deep husky voice. I looked at him. I had heard people say he was an NRI. His features made it so much evident. His eyes were that of grayish green. I considered myself &nbsp;dark in front of him, though my mom has been brought me up saying my color as milk white. I wonder what she would say if she ever met him. I suddenly realized I was not taking my eyes of from him. I turned and started walking holding the plant from the bottom. All the time I could only think about when I could put the plant down and wash my hands off. I wasn’t somehow comfortable with this whole idea. But I could clearly see how happy rest of them were. We went to the ground which was made ready before night to plant them. I held the plant and started looking around to see what has to be done next. Everyone were doing things in their own way. I was confused, and suddenly out of nowhere, Aaron came next to me. He looked at me, his eyes looked even more beautiful in the bright sunlight. He smiled at me and asked, “Have you never planted a plant ever before?”. I felt embarrassed to admit the truth, but I could not lie too. I looked at him and tried to look away. He asked the same thing again a bit more louder this time, I started hating him for this. The others, who were next to me, had stopped doing what they were doing and started looking at us. I knew he would not let me go without answering. I just nodded my head to indicate No and looked down. I had never felt so bad for not doing something ever in my life. I felt he would say things that would make me feel more miserable. But to my surprise, he took the plant from my hand with a smile and said “Come on Arya, it’s never too late to start something new”. What!! He knew my name? How did he do that, I wanted to ask him so much, but I waited till he finished planted. It was infact not that tough. And while he planted it, he explained me what are the good things about mud; maybe he had seen me being hesitant about touching it initially. I was so involved in the things that he shared, that I did not know how time went. It was already lunch. I told him thanks for the new experience. He told he would be glad to talk more about it. I still remember how happy I was on that day, I told my mom about the whole episode and she made fun of me saying how she had been saying the same things from a decade. And I never paid attention to it, now since its by some smart boy I was super excited about it. Maybe in a way that was right. He was the reason behind my interest. The next morning, I woke up with a hope of meeting him and tried to search him all over the campus. But I could find him nowhere.&nbsp; This went on for few days, I tried asking their classmates. They were as clueless as me. I hardly knew him, but the anxiousness I was having was as if I knew him all my life. Every night I would think about what went wrong, where is he. My morning wish would be hope I would see him on that day. This went for a week; I almost gave up on thinking about him. But I could not do it so easily, so I started reading a lot of books, making myself more busy. I went to the place where we had planted the plants and I was surprised to see how green the whole ground looked. I sat there wondering how fast they grew. As I was engrossed into them, a familiar voice called my name. I turned with a hope that its him and it was him. He looked the same and had a more brighter smile. I was more than happy to see him again, but had no words to express it. He saw me and said, “Someone said you have been enquiring about me in every corner of the college, Is there something I could help you with?”. I stood there again in silence, he smiled at me and asked, You missed me so much ?. I looked at him and asked, Where were you? He looked away into spaces and said,”To my favorite place, would you join me next time”. Without even a second thought, I agreed. And that was the start of my journey into the beautiful world away from crowds, away from chaotic people, away from concrete buildings and away from the unsettled life to the most peaceful place. It has been five years since then, and I haven’t regretted a day till now. As I approach the place to park the car, I see Aaron’s car already parked. He is always ahead of me, I still doubt that he drives in the night and sleeps in the car. But whenever I tell him this, he just says, I am more lazy and that why I am late. Maybe he is right, but he hasn’t seen me being late to work everyday, compared to those days, the days when I come here I am on time. I lock my car and run with the bagpack to our favorite place. But, I don’t find him there. I search for a while and sit down waiting for the sunrise. And in few minutes, I hear his footsteps. As I turn back to see him, he comes with a cake and a candle lit on it. I stand up and walk towards him, it’s my favorite red velvet cake. I look at him puzzled, he puts his hand on my shoulders and we both go to the place where we see the sun rise. We sit there. He is quite as I keep staring at him. He does look at me, but answers “Don’t miss the sunrise, watch it”. I turn my attention to the light. I watch with the same amusement as I did on the first day. I still get Goosebumps watching the sunrise sitting at the edge of the green mountsins. The lake which is at the bottom the mountain makes it even more beautiful. If someone would ask me about heaven, I would definitely get them here. As I was enjoying every bit of the beauty, Aaron got the cake in front of me and said, “ &nbsp;Its been five years we met of the first time”. I looked at him and wondered what was today. He took his mobile and showed it was the International environment day. Though we kept coming to this place every other month or two, we had never been on this day. I was so glad he remembered such minute details. I looked at him and kissed him. We both cut the cake and celebrated in the finest place. We spoke about anything and everything. We drank coffee that I had bought; he had packed stuffed paratas for both of us. We walked around the forest for rest of the day. We spent the whole day closest to the nature. Not even once I felt to look at my watch. While all couples spent their time in malls and other places in city, I was glad to run away from all that and be with him in such a wonderful place. That’s the beauty of the nature and off course Aaron made it even more special. As the birds head to their nests and as the sun bid a goodbye, we both get into our cars to drive into the other part of the world. There is always a sense of sadness, leaving this place but the hope that I will be coming back soon makes me feel excited. As I drive following his car, I realize how happy I am with him. I had never expected that I would ever love nature so much and also love the person who introduced me to it. Infact, the nature had nurtured the love in me.&nbsp;</span></div>