---
id: 6
title: 'Broken not to get weaker, but to get up stronger&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;!!'
date: 2018-09-21T16:58:00+00:00
author: Manasa Raman
layout: post
permalink: /?p=6
blogger_blog:
  - manasaramanlovelight.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Selenophile
blogger_permalink:
  - /2018/09/broken-not-to-get-weaker-but-to-get-up.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/2425462561008010446/posts/default/4128063842667137575
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  </p> 
  
  <div>
    I woke up to the alarm. I wanted to snuggle a little more; I had really slept late last night. I was so excited for the big day that I could not close my eyes. I had prepared from a week for this event. This was a dream come true. I got up and looked outside the window, the sun was rising from the waves of the beach. A few years back I used to watch such homes in movies and wonder who would even buy such home and that too in the most costliest city like Mumbai. I watched as Reema walked into the gate wishing the watchman. I went to the door to open it even before she knocked and wish her. I opened the door and waited for her. As I could see her, I wished her Good morning. She was super happy and surprised to see me so active and happy in the early morning. She gave a wide smile and said, “Didi, tho aaj jaa rahe ho ?” (So, Are you going today?) I just smiled and nodded my head. She went to kitchen to get my green tea and I got to my room to get ready. I had selected what to wear two days back and had a trial round too. I went through my speech once again and drank my tea. By 7 45, I looked into the larger then normal size mirror and appreciated myself. I knew I looked beautiful, many did tell me that, but more than that I could see confident women in the mirror. I smiled as I felt proud about my own life. I heard Reema calling me, as I went down, she looked at me with a Wow on her face. She came closer to me and said,Kaash Meri beti bhi aapke jaise hogi !! (I wish my daughter grows up to be like you!!) I feel a jolt run through my nerves as I hear this, I neglect my inner feelings and tap her shoulder with a smile. She then informs me about the car that’s waiting for me. I take my bag and make a check list in my mind and see if I have taken everything. I leave the house waving at Reema and telling her that I will be back soon. I go down and took the car. As I get into the car, the driver zoomed into the traffic. I tried to see the music which I would prefer in the given list. The driver saw my attempt to turn on the music, so he silently raised the glasses and switched on the AC. He looked into the mirror and said, Maam, my daughter is studying bachelors of Arts in St Mary’s college, she is a big fan of your writing”. I looked at him through the mirror and thanked him. He continued, “Ma’am Can I take a picture of you in my mobile, she will be really happy”. I smiled this time and said he could. As I reached the place, I could see few men standing fully dressed in black coats, waiting to receive me. The sides of the road were filled with a lot of people who were looking towards the car. The car stopped near to the large entrance. I was about to get down and suddenly realized the request from the driver, I looked at him as he was eagerly looking towards me. I grabbed my bag and tried to pull out a book. I got the book, a special edition with my autograph on it. I handed over to him and said,” I have my visiting card in the book; do get her someday to home, I will be happy meeting her”. His happiness saw no bounds. I got down the car and saw a crowd of people approaching me. I went inside, the whole auditorium was filled. I saw my name written under the bold and colorful letters Welcome. I sat on the dais, as the speaker went on praising me, I pinched myself. I could feel the pain, which means this wasn’t a dream. Later they called me to speak. The program went on much better than I had expected. I loved being the centre of attraction for the very first time in my life. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>As the program ended, I saw a bunch of people coming to me. A few wanted to take selfies with me and few wanted to ask me questions. I stood there patiently posing for picture and answering them simultaneously. <br />I saw a lady with a big smile walk towards me, she somehow caught my attention. I smiled back at her. As she came towards me, she extended her hand and congratulated me. She stood for a few seconds and said, “I am sure you must have gone through a lot to write such good stories, the heaviness in those words shows the heaviness in your heart”. I was shocked for a second, but later got back to my senses and said, “You read between the lines, I like that”. She smiled and called a name that shook me a bit. And I prayed that it should not be him. But, it was him. She stood next to me and shouted at him, “Arey..!! Aman ? What are you looking at? Click the picture of us”. Saying that she looked at me and smiled asking me to pose for the picture. I could not hear anything and only thing I could see was HIM.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    He took me back to that night. He had been to that place for the first time. It was very new to him, I could easily understand that he is uncomfortable by his awkward smile. Being here for two years I could know every men by their actions. I used to serve or maybe give pleasure (Anyway you call it) to atleast 2 men a day. Some days I would have had 4 and some days I would be lucky and have none. The days I would have no one coming, I would watch my favorite movies and listen to some nice music. I had no friends, no one would have friends here. And even I was adjusted to it. No emotions, no feelings just money mattered. I was age of 16 when my uncle pushed me into this business. I had cried for hours and days and months. But nothing changed. Being an orphan, I had only my uncle who took care of me till then, I had dreamt of going to higher studies and achieving something great. But life has its way. I was told that I will be joined to hostel for my higher studies and got me to a brothel. I tried every possible way to escape and every time they caught me I was punished severely. I later realized the pain given by those men who came were much bearable then those punishments the brothel lady gave. The ones who were already staying there advised me not to try escaping and get used to it. I hated it, wanted to kill myself, but I was so helpless to even do that. I hated the very concept of God. If at all he existed, why would someone be pushed into this? Why would selling ones body seen as a trade. I had turned into a stone. But this guy changed me on that day. He came into the room looking at the surroundings. I waited for him to view everything patiently. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>He slowly watched every wall and every part of the room. After a while, he looked at me and smiled sheepishly. I asked him to sit, he politely agreed. He sat and again started looking elsewhere. I was about to ask him something and he spoke, “I am sorry, I did not had any interest in coming here. My friend pulled me and the lady down grabbed money and pushed me here.” I could not do anything but laugh. As I laughed, he looked at me like a innocent kid not knowing what to do. I asked him, “So now ?”. He just looked around and said, “It will take a while for my friend to come, till then if you don’t mind, can I rest for a while here?”. I could not say no to him, I agreed to his request, but asked him to promise not to let the lady know or she would not get my money. He silently nodded agreeing to my condition. He went to the sofa next to the window and sat there looking at the city outside. I was happy that I got my time, so plugged in my earphones and played my playlist. After two minutes I heard some voice, I took my earplugs and it was him. He was on the edge of the sofa, looking at me in surprise, “That’s Atif aslam song right?” He asked. I smiled and said, “Yes, I love his songs”. He was super happy and requested me to play them out if I don’t mind. I did so. As the songs played, he explained how he loved playing guitar to these songs. We started talking just like some random people. And the conversation went on from favorite singers to favorite movies to families and what not. He gave his number and asked me to call whenever I wanted to talk and he would love to have me as a friend. The whole conversation was so new to me. I loved it. For the first time after two years, I felt someone treating me like a human. As we were talking, his friend called. He got up and gave me a hand shake and said, “It was amazing knowing you Ahalya, please keep in touch”. It was so many years someone had said me that. I smiled at him and said, “Off course Aman, I am happy I met you”.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    From then we spoke every time we got time. He explained about his college and his friends. I would enjoy his conversations. We got attached to each other every day. And one fine day, he asked me,”If I would marry him”. I laughed hard and had neglected his words. After few days, he asked me again. I said, “Aman, this will not work, let’s not talk about it”. He wasn’t ready to listen to me. He finally made a plan, of how I could escape this hell. He had searched a girls hostel for me. He wanted to me join some course for the time being, so he could get a job in few months and talk to his parents about marriage. I could not believe what was happening in my life, but I could not say no to him. He was after all helping me get a life. I finally agreed to his plan and successfully got out of the brothel. He took me to the hostel and asked me not to come out. He had searched a place that was really far from where I stayed. He would visit me thrice and get me food. It was a week and he came to me with a new request. <br style="mso-special-character: line-break;" /><!--[if !supportLineBreakNewLine]-->
    
    <br style="mso-special-character: line-break;" /><!--[endif]-->
  </div>
  
  <div>
    He said,”Ahalya, let’s get married”. I was stunned. I kept quiet for a while. I looked at him with a blank expression. He said,”I don’t think my parents would be okay with me marrying you, but I can’t stay without you. We will get married and later no one would be able to separate us. I was still quite, I could not belive he was so serious about me, I just looked at him with eyes filled with tears and said,”I never trusted there is no God, but when I see you, I feel I am wrong.” He held me and kissed on my forehead. We decided on the date. I got ready wearing the saree he had got me. I took the card that he had given me. It had the address of the register’s office. I took an auto and started my journey. I had no bounds for my happiness. I had never expected I would also get married, have a husband and my family. This was a dream come true. I thought about all the memories I had with Aman and cherished each one. I felt as the most luckiest girl ever. I realized I reached the office as the auto stopped. I got down and thanked the auto driver with a smile. He looked at me and then at the office wishing me all the best. I was even more happy. I went into the office and asked the clerk there about the officer. He pointed the finger at an elderly person who appeared as he was in his late fifties looking very depressed. I went to him and confirmed about the appointment. He heard the names and said, Aman and Ahalya, 10 am, yes the appointment is fixed. I went to the waiting place and looked at the watch. It was 9 45, I wanted to call Aman, but decided to leave a text as he would be riding. I left a text. I waited till 9 55, I now started feeling a bit anxious. I decided to call. I called him and he did not receive. I forcefully made myself believe that he is riding. I called him again and he did not pick up again. This time it made me feel even more scared. I could feel my dream crashing down into pieces. I could feel my fingers shivering as I went to his name again. I pressed call button and now it broke me completely when it said the number I have called is switched off.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>I did not know what to do. I felt the whole world trembling down and my head spinning. I don’t remember what happened next. All I remember is waking up on a hospital bed. I could not recognize anyone’s face. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>When I tried to focus more, I could see an old man’s face like I had seen somewhere. I tried to remember it and then suddenly flashed that he was the officer. He smiled at me, I did not know what to say. He said, “Can I get your parents number, so I could call them and inform about your whereabouts. They will be worried otherwise”. I so wished I could too, I had tears streaming down my cheeks. He was confused, I wiped them quickly and said, “ I don’t have anyone, what has happened to me? When can I go ?”. He saw the urgency in my words. He calmed to down. I did not know what to do, but to cry till I felt better. He heard all my story without interrupting.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    He just said, “Don’t say you are alone, you have your dad and mom now, Your dad is right in front of you and mom waiting for you at home”. I did not know what to say, but had no option rather than listening to him as Aman was just a dream that never came true now. I silently went with the officer who now turned into my care taker. He took me to his home, he stayed with his wife and he had no kids. I was his only kid now. They both looked after me like never before. I received all the care and love that I had never got even from my uncle. He joined me to college and I studied what I wanted. I started writing from age 21 and my books started reaching more and more people. My god gifted parents were more then happy for me. I got an offer to study in Mumbai as I continue writing. My fourth book became the bestseller of all the time and over night I got a fame which I had never expected. I called dad and mom to stay with me, they said they were happy seeing me successful and would me visit me whenever they wanted to see me, but stay in the same place. I felt a bit sad, but then I could not force them too. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>I started giving interviews and going to programs as the chief guest. And today was one such occasion and that’s when I saw him.
  </div>
  
  <div>
    <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>Yes, the same Aman. He looked exactly the same, maybe he has put on some weight. But he hasn’t changed much. I look into to his as he clicks pictures. He is trying not to notice that I am looking at him. I feel like going to him, slapping him two hard and asking why he did this to me. But I controlled my urge. I could see the guilt in his eyes. I could see the I was helpless expression on his face. He very hesitantly walked towards me and gave the mobile to the lady standing next to me. She took the mobile and pulled him closer and introduced him, “This is my husband, Aman.” The very word husband made me feel a pinch of pain inside me. But I just hided it under my pleasant smile and said, “Hello Aman, nice to meet you”. He neither had a smile nor looked at me. He shook his hand and signaled at her and left without a word. I watched him walk, though I had a pain which I could not explain, I also felt how it was not me who lost him, but He who had lost me. I just stood watching him walk away. It did not break me this time. It made me stronger than before. I just thought about my past and felt proud of whatever I had gone through and how I had come out with flying colors. They say,” Where you come from never matters, but where you go matters.” And yes I feel that’s true.
  </div>
  
  <p>
    </div>