---
id: 7
title: 'A memorable dawn&#8230;.!!'
date: 2018-05-22T12:00:00+00:00
author: Manasa Raman
layout: post
permalink: /?p=7
blogger_blog:
  - manasaramanlovelight.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Selenophile
blogger_permalink:
  - /2018/05/a-memorable-dawn.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/2425462561008010446/posts/default/2695880685422246526
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  </p> 
  
  <div>
    I wish I had taken some sleeping pills from my doctor. Its been 3 hours and I haven’t been able to close my eyelids for few minutes too. What is wrong with me? Yeah, it’s true that I am a night owl and I have difficulties sleeping, but not today. The parlor lady told me to sleep peacefully for few hours, so my face won’t look saggy. But look at me. I have always been in times where I will screw things myself. And today is nothing new. But I still wonder why I am not able to sleep. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>People say that if someone is stressed, they won’t be able to sleep. So, it means I am stressed. I don’t think I am stressed. I had been waiting from over an year for today. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>I see my sister sleeping peacefully on my bed. She is still in the same dress she was wearing for the Reception. She enjoyed the whole evening, danced for all her favorite numbers. That must have made her tired. I walk to the window to see the skies. It’s still so dark outside. I can see few stars here and there shining. I gaze them in awe as I always did. I hear my phone vibrating. I try to figure out where it has been coming from. I try to go towards the sound and it leads me to my sister’s bag on the dressing table. I wonder who has been calling me at this hour and that to on this day. By the time, I try to juggle all the things and get the phone out of the purse, the vibration stops. I see a flash message which read “1 Missed call from Ayan”.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>I check and recheck it again. I see the time and also try to see the clock to make sure it is him who called. While I do all this, I get another call from him. My thoughts run at the speed of a lightyear. Why would he call me at 3am. How does he know I would be awake? What would he want to talk? I was with him few hours back and he seemed to be all fine. I realize, if I don’t pick it up, it will be a missed call again, so I press the answer button. I hear his voice, its as active as it would be when he is wide awake. I ask him, if something is wrong? He laughs and asks me to come out of my room.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>I ask him if he is serious. He says, he has been waiting from past ten minutes near my room and wants to talk to me before someone catches hold of him.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>I cut the call and look into the mirror to see if I look proper. I see a thin girl with no makeup, pale skin wearing a tee and pajama . Anyone who would see how I looked last evening and now would not believe that both of them were me. I just comb my hair a bit, pick up my purse and grab my mobile, run to the door. I unlock it with minimal sound. I walk closing the door behind, I then realize, I haven’t wore my slippers. But I would no way go back and try to search for them. So, I decide to walk barefoot to Ayan.I try searching for him and see someone near the stairs and yeah its him. He is wearing a dark red tees and cargos. He looks and me and walks towards me and greets me with a hug. The very hug makes me feel so relaxed and comfortable. I plant a kiss on his cheek and tease him by asking” Are you already missing me? What was this sudden meeting all about, we had to however meet in two hours.” He looks into my eyes and tells “Yeah, each minute is getting really hard to keep these eyes away from you” and winks at me. I laugh at him and ask him to come up with better line next time. He then held my hand and starts literally pulling me towards the main door. I try to stop him, he just looks at me and asks me to stay quiet and walk with him. I do the same as he says. We go to the parking lot; he unlocks his car and asks me to get in. I look at him in a puzzled way and ask “Are we by any chance running away?” He stops at the door and turns to me “You mean to say running away from our own wedding after we have fought so much for it?” I smile and answer” In that case, where are we going at this hour, having our wedding in the morning “. He just closes the door without even answering and starts the engine. As we pass towards the gate, the watchman looks at us<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>wondering who we are. I am sure; he must not have recognized us after watching <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>yesterday in the reception all dressed up. Ayan starts driving following the google map on his phone. I try to snatch the phone to look at the destination. But he pulls it and keeps on the other side saying” Anu, don’t you trust me?” I look at him and try to explain that it’s not trust, but if any of our parents get to know about this, we will get royally screwed. He promised that we will get back by 6:30. Now it is 03:30am, which means we are traveling to some place close by. We later started talking about the last night and how everyone danced and the comments we got to hear from our families. He played all my favorite songs and we started enjoying them, forgetting about everything else. I looked at him and felt too grateful to god for having him in my life. I had been fighting for a lot of things with my parents all my life, be it for the design of my room to the course I wanted to pursue. But out of everything, the best deserved thing I had fought for is Ayan. When I told my dad about Ayan, he was so furious that I thought he would disown me the very moment. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span>Ayan was from UP and I belonged to Andhra. All in my family were double graduates, and Ayan’s family had a handful of people who were graduates. Half of my family stayed in the US and Australia and forget his family, even he had never been abroad. We had a hell lot of differences, from the way our families were, to the way we had been bought up. Our eating habits, to choices in our food. In fact, it would not be wrong to say, we did not have any thing in common, we really did not have any. Our priorities were different too, but we made sure, we kept each other in the first place. I guess the only one thing in common, that is the Love for each other. That kept us going from past four years. There were a lot of times when one of us almost wanted to give up, but the other would make sure we don’t. As all these thoughts were running in the mind, I totally forgot about the where I was. I was brought back, when Ayan shook me up. I saw him and smiled asking “Ayan, tell me where are we going?”. He looked back to way and said, “15 minutes and we will reach”. I could see big trees on either side of the road. The whole place looked like isolated one. The resort which we had taken for the wedding was in the outskirts of the city and I guess we were moving more away from city to the woods. I enjoyed the fresh air and the scent of the greens. He stopped finally near some rocks. One side was covered with rocks and the other side huge trees. He asked me to get down. I got down and looked at him as he locked the car and held my hand and started walking. I followed him, trying to figure out what he exactly wanted to do. Suddenly, I screamed the loudest as something very sharp pricked my feet. He looked with a shock, as I tried to find what had happened. Only then he realized that I was in bare foot. He asked where my footwear was. I told him, how I had forgot in the hurry and by the time I realized, it was too late. He looked at me in helplessness, He stood there for a moment and said would I wear his shoes instead, I looked at them. They were so huge that I could cut them into two and wear them to both my legs. I know that does not make any sense, but that’s how big they were. So, I just nod saying, it’s okay I would be more careful while walking. He turned and in a split second I could feel his huge hands carrying my tiny body like some weights in the gym. Before I could speak anything, he kisses me softly and says, “I can’t take the risk of letting you walk in this dark on these rocks”. I go speechless and hold him tight as he carries me into the rocks. After few minutes I hear a soft sound of water flowing. I look at him with an excitement. He smiles back without a word. And we reach a place which has very low light that’s been coming from the sun which is still in the horizon. I look the other side and find water flowing from the falls. The scenery looks exactly like a painting. He lets me down, where my foot could touch the rocks with flowing water. That chill from the cold water reaches my whole body and I shiver due to the cold. Ayan holds me tight and hugs me as I watch the beauty. He takes me near the falls; it all looks like a faint dream. I try to pinch myself, he looks at me and laughs. We both enjoy splashing water on each other. We get drenched and sit on the rocks and wait for the sun rays to soak our skin. I had never seen such a wonderful place ever before, I feel as the luckiest girl in the whole world for that moment. We sit in silence for some time and finally realize, we need to head back. I go to him and hug him tight and whisper, “I love you”. He holds me even tighter and kisses on my head. He carries me back to the car. We get into the car and see the time, it’s sharp 6. And both of our phones are filled with dozens of missed calls. We look at each other and laugh the loudest. On the way back, I call my parents and his and say we are coming back. As I go back, my mom is almost fuming with anger. As she snatches my hand and walks, I look back to him and smile. He winks and goes to the Groom room and I enter the Bride room. As I get ready, I sent him a text <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal;">, Thank you for making today so special.</i> In few minutes, I get a reply back, <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal;">I would do this every year till my last breath, I promise. Nothing is more important than seeing you happy, Love you. </i>I smile looking at it. I now feel, so glad that I did not sleep and this night or maybe the dawn was the most memorable one. Though both our parents were mad at us, but it was totally worth it. After few hours I look at myself in the same mirror and see a whole new myself again. I am happy, maybe the most happiest bride right now. As I walk out, I see a big board with letters decorated with flowers, <i style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal;">Anu Weds Ayan</i>. Looking at it, I think fairytales do exist and mine is one of it, my most favorite one.
  </div>
  
  <p>
    </div>